# Business-Requirements-and-System-Design
1. Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?

    The owner of DriverPass, Liam, wants to take advantage of a void in the market for drivers test training. He viewed the statistics of the number of people who fail their drivers test and wants to create a program that will help reduce the amount of people who fail. Liam wants us to create a system where each user could create an account with their own username and password. He wanted to provide the customers with 3 packages that provide the user with different levels of training and learning materials. This will allow the customer to take practice exams, reading learning materials, and schedule on the road training. The system should allow the customer to schedule appointments as well as edit or cancel appointments. 
   
2. What did you do particularly well?

   One thing that I think I did really well in this project is the business requirements part. This document is extremely important in the project development process. It helps to identify what the project needs as well as what the client wants from the product. I think I did really well in identifying the things that this project requires. I also think I did good at identifying them in a clear way that is easy to understand for the client as well as the development team.
   
3. If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?

   If there was one thing I could revise on these documents it would be my use case diagram. I think I could have done a better job at the layout of it, my design was a little thrown together and not very well though out. I also think I could have added another actor into the diagram, an IT actor. This could have given me another user to add to the design as well as implement the users accessibility into the design. I could have thrown in the need help link aspect in the IT accesbility. This would alow the customer to get in touch with someone if they have a problem.
    
4. How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?

   While designing the system its extremely important to take into account the needs of the user and also what requirements will be necessary to make those needs happen. It's important to create something that suits the users needs as well as is easy for them to navigate and use. While designing a system I like to include myself in the design aspect. I like to make sure that the product and different aspects of it are something that I would use personally. I also like to make sure the product is as simple to use as possible that way it is user-friendly. I made sure the product has things that I as the user would want as well as ensured that everything that was mentioned in the DriverPass Interview was included in the design.
   
5. How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?

    My first step in approaching the design of the software would be to get the requirements of the system. Making sure the clients wants and needs are met would be the priority of the project. The best way to collect the requirements would be to get them from the client directly through an interview or another method. Once collecting the requirements I would then start creating a design through the use of different diagrams such as the use case diagram, class diagram, and activity or sequence diagrams. This makes the design of the project easier to look at as well as shows how the system should function and interact with other functions. Once all of this is created I would start the development of the system by reviewing these diagrams as well as implementing the requirements specified by the client. I will definitely be using the varioud diagram forms. These diagrams make it very easy to see how the design should function which in turn can help you to implement that design into the actual code. 
